Consolidated checklist info (#222)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-manual.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> Ensure your infrastructure meets the minimum hardware, operating system, and networking requirements. Your organization's operations, networking and security teams should review these requirements. See xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your infrastructure meets the minimum hardware, operating system, and networking requirements. Your organization's operations, networking, and security teams should review these requirements. See xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].
```

====

> == Before you Begin

Reviewer: ditto; GLOBAL

> Ensure the following criteria have been met before beginning the installation:

Reviewer: GLOBAL
```suggestion
Ensure that the following criteria have been met before beginning the installation:
```

* You have xref:install-create-rtf-arm.adoc[created a Runtime Fabric in Runtime Manager].

> * The necessary hardware has been provisioned as outlined in xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The necessary hardware is available, as outlined in xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].
```
